I call forth my life and my labor into abundance and prosperity in the name of Jesus.
I declare by prophetic utterance that may every locked breakthrough in my life be unlocked by divine authority in Jesus name.
May the mysteries of divine success and wealth be unfolded for me to understand the steps to unending flow of success in Jesus name.
I enforce divine will and claim every unclaimed blessings that belongs to me. I will walk in an unending stream of the miraculous.
I declare a divine favor and attraction to Godly people, the Elite in society, High minded people, Intellectuals, Billionaires, investors, CEO’s, Men and Women of substance, Blessed and Anointed people in Jesus name. May I be surrounded by Blessed and Positive people.
Oh Lord rebuke the spirit of disappointment from my path in Jesus name.
By divine warrant I arrest every evil spirit misleading my career and finances in Jesus name.
I bind every spirit of waste in my life in Jesus name.
Miracle worker, Jehovah Jireh I need a miracle in Jesus name.
As Peter said in (Luke 5:5) ‘We have toiled all night and we have nothing’. May I not labor in vain in all aspects of my life in Jesus name.
Oh Lord by divine authority I secure and cover every good thoughts and ideas conceived through revelation and prayer in Jesus name. May I not be like the seeds that fell on the wayside.
Oh Lord open my understanding and elevate the spirit of wisdom in me in Jesus name.
I scatter every evil gathering against my progress and success in Jesus name.
I erase every unprogressive seal from my life and family in Jesus name.
Jehovah Jireh, open fresh doors of success for me in Jesus name.
Oh Lord position me in a place of unending financial blessings in Jesus name.
Oh Lord I declare victory in all battles of my life. I am more than a conqueror, I am a winner in Jesus name.
Every vision and ideas I have conceived and it’s being chocked by satanic activities, hear ye the voice of the Lord come out into manifestation in Jesus name.
Merciful father, may your wind of opportunities blow throughout this year for my sake in Jesus name.
Oh Lord terminate every conscious satanic agreement impending my financial progress in Jesus name.